So let's talk about
the AWS Audit Manager Service.
So this is a service to help you assess risk and compliance
of your AWS workloads and to continuously audit
your service's usage and prepare for audits.
So if your company is getting an audit
because you are preparing for the framework
such as the GDPR or the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act, HIPAA, or the PCI compliance
or the SOC 2 Control and so on,
you need to gather a lot of evidence,
you need to gather a lot of compliance reports
and provide this as evidence when you submit
to get certified in these things.
And this is where Audit Manager is going to help you.
So it's going to look at the framework you want to include
in your assessment, and then for it
it's going to generate reports of compliance
for all your resources alongside evidence folders.
And of course, if something is not compliant,
then you will tell you
and you will have action items to resolve them.
So this is continuous and that's the power of it.
As your organization grows and your activity continues,
you will know whether or not you are still auditable
and you are still compliant with some frameworks.
So this has deep integration with Security Hub,
Config, Control Tower, CloudTrail, and License Manager.
And this can be run over multi-accounts
via the integration with AWS organizations.
So to summarize, for Audit Manager,
this helps you continuously audit your usage
to simplify how you assess risk and compliance
and make sure you can get past some frameworks.
So you select the frameworks you want,
then you define the scope,
so which accounts and regions and services you want,
then you're going to get automated evidence collection.
So continuously gathering evidence
across all your resources
and then you can look at control reviews
or you can delegate your resource orders
to validate the audits that was done.
Then in case of issues, you can identify root causes
and then you can generate reports
that can be ready for audits.
All right, that's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.